Unexpectedly, my brother-in-law can not only make musical instruments
To make such a beautiful cloth
This azure color
It's so refreshing to see it at a glance.
Qin Feiyang, how many secrets do you still have?
I don't know.
Qian Feiyang, is there anything wrong with the money?
You also want to suspense the silver beam
The surname is Qin Na
Where did you get so much cloth you've never seen before?
I invented it naturally.
This is bad.
Act according to the present
In a few days
He will be able to complete the fundraiser
Wait and see.
How much did you raise in total?
About 100,000 two
100,000 a lot less than 1 million
I've already thought about it
You cooperate with me
To publish the method of making this fabric
Let's publish mass production
In less than ten days
Will be able to gather 1 million yuan
Why didn't I think of such a way?
Consort is like this
This gold and silver
It will continue to pour into the fire hole
Consort
You are such a rare genius